4 assignments:
    AI
    Website
    Space Cruise App Design
    3D Modeling

2 co-curricular:
    Internship on Campus
    OverTheWire

2 other:
    Internship with USAA
    Game: Opolessence

2 reflections:

    Time at ACU:

        Social problems. 
        My time at ACU has been interesting to say the least. I'm not much of a social butterfly, this isn't due
        to lack of ability. But instead due to lack of shared interests it's been incredibly hard my whole 
        life to find people who share interests with me. This may be partially because I was homeschooled 
        but I don't think that was/has been the primary reason. Seeing as my sister was homeschooled as well
        and didn't have nearly the same issues. Instead I think it was likely largely due to having specific 
        interests, and always have. These interests tend to be things most people have little interest in, or
        in some situation are things that are sometimes even activaly taboo to discuss in most situations.
        Things like politics, religon, philosophy, and debate. As well as the hard sciences. These things 
        have always been of increadible interest to me ever since I was a young child. But most people reletively
        litle interest in these topics. Which of course is reasonable espesically as a child or teenager. But even
        coming into university I am often afraid to speak my mind publically about politics or religons. Not 
        nesicality because my opinons even differ that much from most peoples, but because its in my nature to play
        devils advocate. So when issues of certian sensitive nature comes up I tend to be the one arguing or attempting
        to poke holes in the common accepted idea, and while faculty tend to be encoraging of this type of argumentation
        many students are far too emotionally tied to their ideas for me to be comfortable bringing up due to my 
        desire to not upset others. That being said my more common intersts are also somewhat of an issue, as I tend to have very focused tastes
        at any given time. And as of almost my whole univesity career my primary hobbie/interests outside of the affor
        mentioned philosphy, religon, politics, and science, has been Overwatch, again not something which is super
        prevelint espieceially given the last several years have seen basically no new content added to the game. 
        
        All that to say, I've tended to stay pretty much at arms length from most people at ACU, though I do consider
        a few, friends never have I considered them close friends. 


        Academia.
        Academically speaking my time at ACU has been very fullfilling overall, I do think a lot of classes can sometimes
        tend to get a little dogmatic when it comes to specific religous ideas. But this is to be expected at a religously 
        afiliated insistute I suppose. But my major classes have rarely suffered from this dogma, as in these classes
        it more comes across as the professors simply stating their opinoin. For exmaple Dr. Homers opinoin on Human like
        Artificial Inteligence which he always premised with the fact that while he thinks that sentiances comes from
        a soul which he does not think can be simulated to any reasonable degree in a digital form it does not mean
        that he is absolutly certian nor does it mean that we can't disagree with him. Which sadly a example of humblness
        some professors at ACU seem to often lack when it comes to religous/religously affiliated ideas.

        All that being said as mentioned above my overall experinece has been very fullfilling and I hope to at some point
        attend grad school. I may even do so repeatedly I simply enjoy the academic experince even for all its stressors
        and shortcomes. I think my favorite classes have to have been, Programming II, Artifical Intelegince, Computer Graphics
        and the 3D modeling class, and Advanced Security class I'm currently in this semester. 

        
        What I wish I had done differently:
        I do think it would likely have been more emotionally satiating if I had persude some form of social group
        or romantic relationship while on campus. But I think not only would that have made several things I mention below
        in my spiritual journy reflections much harder on me, it would have likely spread some of those hardships to 
        others which is something I would prefer to not have done. Plus another positive of not having any substaintally safty net
        at ACU specifically or friend groups/romantic affiliatoins is the fact that I think transitioning out of University
        into work at USAA next fall will be much easier for me than it will be for most people who are not just changing city and daily activty
        but who are also likely losing contact with their friend and often people they consider family. This
        is fortunely something I won't have to suffer from as much as many. But I do think my biggest regrets
        are certianly social in nature. 
        

    Spiritual Jounry at ACU:
        
        I don't consider myself to be a spiritual person, I think the foundation of most peoples spirituality is 
        simply their emotional desire for a larger porpose combined with a sense of belonging. Personally I've 
        always felt that understanding the truth, and attempting to be impartial should always come first. Due to
        this I very little to say on this topic. 

        That being said I can discuss some of the interesting philosophical changes I've gone throuhg over the last
        five years. I would say the three largest philosophical changes that have occured in me are as follows
        Epistemological, my thoughts on free will, and finaly my current situation of attempting to construct a
        reasonable system of frameworks

        Epistemology:
        My epistemology has changed quite a bit in the lsat 7 years. Primarily I've slowly become a skeptic as
        far as dealing with claims of truth goes. I ended up getting myself into the positoin of a empericest. 
        I think that all knowledge it is possible to have either comes directly from observation or from a logical
        extention of that observation, but even that logical framework is built off of observation. Meaning to me
        observation is the root of all knowledge. Now as you may expect, trowing away your whole identity and world
        view simply because you believe you found a more true way to seek truth isn't always an easy task, if I were
        psychologically inclined I could argue that such revilation is traumatic. That destruction of your world
        in a simple attempt to be a sure as possible that what you think is real is real, is something I think
        that everyone should go through. But I understand that the act of going through such a thing can have
        lasting negitive mental side effect. The act of deconstructing your own worldview is easily compariable
        to an act of philosophical suicide. You kill your identity, your perspective. All just for the change of
        understanding something better. And while this action has been beneficial to me personally and I wouldn't
        change it. It is something I'm split on encoraging others to do. Simply due to the great anguish it can 
        cause, the sense of hopelessness and loss of self. It is certianly not something I would typically recomend for the
        faint of heart nor the currently mentally unstable. 

        Free Will
        As an example of something I have changed my view on (maybe 3 years ago?) is the topic of free will. I
        used to, as many do. Take it forgranted as something that is seemingly obviously true. And a natural 
        aspect of the universe. That being said after some careful consideration. I've come to the conclusion that
        based on all the current scientific information we have on the topic, as well as the philosphical argumentatoin
        that I cannot in good conciousness hold or argue for free will's existence. What I took as something 
        obviously true, I realized wasn't free will, but instead the feeling of free will. Which I DO still assert
        is which is self evidently true. But as the feeling of "Chocolate is the best flavor" doesn't MAKE chocolates
        "bestness" a true thing about the universe neither does the feeling of having free will make free will a 
        true thing about the universe. Personally I've yet to hear a single truely reasonable arguement for such a 
        things existince. 

        Framework building:
        After a death there is often a rebirth, both in spiritual and mythological texts from aroud the earth. 
        For me as well there was a rebirth. After over years of commiting my so called "Philosophical Suicide"
        I am now at a point of rebuilding. My lowest low unfortunally came alongside some of the most stressful
        and sleep deprived semesters. That low was so incredibly low I ended up going to therapy to 
        talk to someone about it. Unfornuntly this was very little help as I didn't feel I could discuess such things
        with them. That being said having had awhile away from school, accepting the truth of the nihlistic reality 
        I found myself looking at, acknowliging it and moving on to slowly beginning to rebuild a new personal series
        of frameworks, once which as any are built on assumptions, are at least this time built on assumptoins I'm
        making, and know I'm making. Ones I can attempt to keep as simple as possible, and limit as many as I can
        to things which are seemingly self evidently true as possible. I think I'm on the path to stablizing 
        myself with those much needed frameworks. But this time ones I can truely get behind. And while it likely 
        won't ever be finished completely at least I will finally be to the stage of building, and mildly reworking
        as opposed to that dreadful stage which is simply anihlating.

        As a last note I've actually recently been considering attempting to join a monistary or other somewhat isolated religous place of study
        simply as a way to escape the world a bit in my rebuilding process. But I don't think it is likely at this point. I still wouldn't 
        be opposed to doing so some point later in the future. 
